[16.0] [ADD] stock_release_channel_auto_release (#508)
OCA/wms: stock_release_channel_auto_release/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This addons define an automatic release mode on the release channels. By default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon defines an automatic release mode on the release channels. By default
```
